crap but we just opened our door and the
room was amazing
better get video believe us so here is
next week so we come in and of course
they they put this nice banner across
their door their welcomes us to our
honeymoon we Ronnie unlocks the door we
see this nice all marble stone floors
everywhere so here's our bed where
they've taken the time to give us these
nice these nice ones I wish I had
smell-o-vision on this camera this room
smells amazing it smells like rose
petals in here over here you can see
we've got this nice big shower we'll
take you over there to see that in just
a minute for the time being just spin
around pass some artwork on the walls
here a little intro video they had
playing for us let's uh let's take a
look at the balcony so who here we are
so and it's nighttime you can't see it
but right out there at the ocean and
down below here is the pool and there's
there's actually and again you can't
really see it from the night but that's
a that's Isla Mujeres
right across the way we've got this nice
full bed out here on our gigantic
balcony which I'm going to transmit
around and catch the whole thing you
can't really get but we got a nice table
we have a full bed we can lay out here
we've got that salty sea air again I
wish you could smell it it's blowing
right in on us we come back in here
here's where I'm gonna find Ronnie for
the next week
this is our dual access gigantic spa
Roman bathtub which yeah yeah which you
can access from from either the balcony
or from inside ready just hop in for a
sense of scale on that real quick so so
we could easily fit both of us in there
and there will be a mighty bubble bath
in short order I imagine come on out
look let's take them around and show
them the other great features here so
here is our nice stocked bar
they give us premium tequila's and gin
and all that of course included our own
personal Nespresso pixie pixie espresso
maker which I can make espresso all I
want which is awesome we have a fully
stocked bar again this is all just ours
we there's no additional charges that's
all covered we just take it so we're
stocked with beer and wine and liquor
have champagne sitting here I'm waiting
for us and fresh fruit they have a nice
little note that they'd set out for us
just sort of explaining that the
additional bonuses they're gonna give us
cuz it's our honeymoon let's take a walk
let's take the walked over into the
bathroom area now here he is the shower
I don't know what this is gonna come up
you correctly on film but here my name
right this is this shower is a room it's
a whole room with this giant rain head
right here and another shower head over
here and like a wall insert for towels a
little pinch that we can sit down on
that this is you know larger than a
bedroom iPad or - it's an amazing nice
big comfy bathroom and we have a special
door so that
service can drop off food whenever we
want but we have to see him which of
course it's dark and he can see other
things we can just order it up thumbs
dropping him in there and we'll get food
a whole big walk-in closet which we've
taken the liberty of pre loading our
luggage in some robes there now
there's also one other thing but I'm
gonna have to cut because this this is
too good to just blown by showing it to
you at night I'm gonna take you up there
tomorrow morning but stay tuned for part
2 because next we're going up there
we're now back for part two which is my
absolute favorite because then you guys
can see what we have upstairs right up
there some returned this came around you
can stop staring at my ugly mug for a
second and take a look at the amazing
thing that we have to our own private
specifics as yoga ready so go we have
our own little private rooftop calles up
here so here this is this is our balcony
you can see here we have the entire
ocean all around us
where we do breakfast in the morning or
just kind of come hang out here's Ronnie
sitting by a private pool let's drink in
there honey yummy and Trudy and frozen
it's warm today good so we have our nice
day bed up here
you're kind of missing the best feature
here
there we go here we have our own private
waterfall jet pool warm water another
day bet we can lay out under here what's
that
oh yeah that's at this is V shot right
here so I should almost do this one
lower
this is ours privately ours we can do
whatever we want a beer absolutely
amazing engine well worth our own little
private shower up here
our outside shower we can turn on and
again complete access everything so
we've been having an amazing time and
that's pretty much our room completely
I'm gonna shut the camera off now so
that I can go finish enjoying it but I
wanted everybody to see he puts that
you're gonna run there Friday morning
all right we've got plenty more we got
to do we're gonna go grab some lunch
but get here and realize